# Assingment_2
Data link: https://app.box.com/s/jm6pw202asu4xd3uypwtry2rqk691y1i

1. The gave information (connect above) contains different subtleties and characteristics related with utilized vehicles. The objective variable, which is the focal point of examination, is the cost of the pre-owned vehicles, and it is estimated in lakhs. The information in this dataset is even, with lines and sections, where each line addresses a particular pre-owned vehicle posting, and every segment addresses a specific property or element of these vehicles. Highlights are Make and model of the vehicle, Area or city of offer, Year of assembling, Mileage, Odometer (kilometers driven), Fuel type (petroleum or diesel), Transmission type (manual or programmed), Number of proprietors, Motor uprooting, Motor strength, Number of seats, and Cost when the vehicle was new. Utilize this information to play out the accompanying: a) Search for the missing qualities in every one of the sections and either credit them (supplant with mean, middle, or mode) or drop them. Legitimize your activity for this assignment. (5 focuses) b) Eliminate the units from a portion of the traits and just keep the mathematical qualities (for instance eliminate kmpl from "Mileage", CC from "Motor", bhp from "Power", and lakh from "New_price"). C) Change the unmitigated factors ("Fuel_Type" and "Transmission") into mathematical one hot encoded esteem. d) Make another element and add this section to the dataset (you can involve transform capability in R for this). For instance, you can compute the ongoing age of the vehicle by deducting "Year" esteem from the ongoing year.
